Hahaha So to continue.
um I did read...um
Ah Ronan Farrow, he's a journalist. He um his book was
Catch and Kill, it's about the rule of Harvard Weinstein.
***He was doing a lot of research on it.
Um So that was really...um
fascinating to me. I love those journalistic um in-depth
coverage right over here. Someone's going undercover investigating.
Huh no um so that was fun.
Yes, it was a suspenseful, you know read and um and it's completely
just not fiction.
Right, um and I also liked, um it was a...
ch Oh, what was that, title called? Hidden Valley?
It was about this family out in Colorado.
Um And they contributed to the whole mental health wellness um
um industry because their family, she had like...
10 or 12 kids, and um but
About five of a hundred of them are schizophrenic. They are diagnosed with schizophrenia.
medically. So that whole...
um, They they became this huge scientific study, because
just because of the nature out there.
Then they wanted to test out the genetics of it and I am really came
Wow, that's hard to understand. Schizophrenia. so it
That was an interesting raid. I forgot the title, I was heading that way or something.
I forget. It sounds like Hidden Valley Ranch but huhu I was
But that was an interesting one. I could get your title for you.
Huhu, My brain doesn't work as well as his, a human brain
But It's stuff like that I I find really fascinating.
Every so often you'll pick up one. That's a really good read.
It's hit or miss huhu, Sometimes I get a little bored in midway and look for
I drop a book but yeah huhuhuh
yes like yeah get
Yes huhuh
noo.. yeah
okay
oh
yes yes ch
ahan
Ohhh....
Ohh.. yeah yeah
yeah
yeah, oh ok
mm, mhm
ohh
yes
ch, oh yeah huhuh
huhuh, they might start somehow that
ch oh yeah
mm
ch yeah, that sounds good
yeah
yes um
oh once that's fascinating
okay, yeah, I'll have to check it out Thank you.
Yeah,
Yes, huh,Tell me about your hobbies. yeah, what your hobbies
ch yeah
ch Yes.
cool, dang it.
Is it crafting like scrapbooking or are you like crocheting, knitting? or like
what happen***
Oh, the cutting. Yes, yes I have ahan
ohhh
ohhh line arc
ch ohhh
ohh.. mhm
yeah,  Oh, that sounds fun.
I, you know, I'm not much of a counter at all.
um, ch It It's yeah
It sounds fun, but I I...
Don't know how to make the time. Yeah, I just it's one of those things to work
If I wanted to get into something creative, um...
With.